docs: update for containerd v2 (#10526)
containerd/containerd: docs/PLUGINS.md

##### Version header

containerd has several configuration versions:
- Version 3 (Recommended for containerd 2.x): Introduced in containerd 2.0.
  Several plugin IDs have changed in this version.
- Version 2 (Recommended for containerd 1.x): Introduced in containerd 1.3.
  Still supported in containerd v2.x.
  Plugin IDs are changed to have prefixes like "io.containerd.".

> - Version 1 (Default): Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0.

Reviewer: nod, and if you output the default it's 3 now...

> - Version 1 (Default): Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0.

Reviewer: I suppose the question is.. what is meant by default here.. default config or default if you have a config that does not specify version =

> - Version 1 (Default): Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0.

Reviewer: maybe ..Version 1: Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0  Note: if version is not specified in the config the default is version = 1.. otherwise if you do not specify a config or use the config defaults the default for that version of containerd will be provided.

> - Version 1 (Default): Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0.

Author: Will remove "Default".

The document already says that "A configuration with Version 1 may not have `version` header".

> - Version 1 (Default): Introduced in containerd 1.0. Removed in containerd 2.0.

Author: fixed

> A configuration with Version 2 and 3 must have `version = 2` or `version = 3` header, and must have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration for Version 2 or 3 must specify the version `version = 2` or `version = 3` in the header, and must have
```

Author: fixed
